## ETD_CRF:
This is AutoMeta v1.0 and it includes the training files to train on scanned ETD dataset. The dataset can be found in [data](ETDMiner/etd_crf) directory. Please note that to train on Born-digital ETD dataset, we can convert the ETD as an image. Then take it as an input to this tool for training.

* You can train on your own ETD dataset:
  * To train your own ETD dataset, please follow the instructions below. 

### Training Files:
* crf-train.py -- using text-based feature
* crf-train_visual.py -- using visual based feature. 
  * While using this file, we need to use text-align_train.py to obtain visual feature from scanned ETDs.
  * text-align_train.py utilize edlib to align clean text files (manually curated) with noisy text files (e.g., generated by Tesseract-OCR).

* When training is finished, it will save the model as:
  * crf_model_visual-test.sav -- visual based feature
  * crf_model.sav -- text based

Use AutoMeta v1.1 using the saved model from AutoMeta v1.0. Simply replace the models which is in the model directory in AutoMeta v1.1. Then follow the
instructions for using AutoMeta v1.1. 

Please find the following updated version of this automatic metadata extractor tool from scanned ETDs.

## AutoMeta v1.1:
https://github.com/lamps-lab/AutoMeta
* It utilizes the text-based and visual-based CRF model that has been obtained while using v1.0 of AutoMeta. This tool can not be used for training purpose.

If you have any question to use this tool, please feel free to contact me: mchou001@odu.edu

For citing our paper:
```
Plain Text:
M. Hasan Choudhury, H. R. Jayanetti, J. Wu, W. A. Ingram and E. A. Fox, "Automatic Metadata Extraction Incorporating Visual Features from Scanned Electronic Theses and Dissertations," 2021 ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL), 2021, pp. 230-233, doi: 10.1109/JCDL52503.2021.00066.

BibTeX:
@INPROCEEDINGS{9651772,
  author={Hasan Choudhury, Muntabir and Jayanetti, Himarsha R. and Wu, Jian and Ingram, William A. and Fox, Edward A.},
  booktitle={2021 ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)}, 
  title={Automatic Metadata Extraction Incorporating Visual Features from Scanned Electronic Theses and Dissertations}, 
  year={2021},
  volume={},
  number={},
  pages={230-233},
  doi={10.1109/JCDL52503.2021.00066}}
 ```
